Add `themeName` to `useScopedTheme` hook (#2002)
Khan/wonder-blocks: __docs__/wonder-blocks-theming/use-scoped-theme.mdx

dynamic theme context.

```ts
function useScopedTheme<T>(themeContext: React.Context<T>): ScopedTheme<T>;
```

> #### Return value

Reviewer: such clear docs!! this will be super helpful when i theme switch.

> The `useScopedTheme` hook returns an object with the following properties:

Reviewer: maybe? 
```suggestion
The `useScopedTheme` hook returns a `ScopedTheme` object with the following properties:
```
